where's that where is the cupcake I'm
not seeing it I looked straight to the
right as you're doping you yes or do
that basically said in one of the sea
got expressing to the right like it
extends your view at one point you have
actually okay he went this way he went
this way okay okay I'm gonna go this way
although you know how I see him I'm
gonna take my head off seems like a
damage buff I would assume things are
there I'm in the UAV and the sound
design is freaking out out cuz I could
yeah are you guys octagon next to my
body yeah he doesn't know what I see him
yet okay you trying to be sneaky I'll
wait on you guys yeah over here come so
remember smell range about 60 meters
only these damn it meters away they're
not gonna smell you both seen and I got
grabbed by the little megs i also get by
UAV real quick waiting on you guys Oh
God we're coming God come oh no Bob
dinosaur dinosaur why this white bucket
is less k okay okay i just started to
see he's just holding me in his mouth I
don't know what today your dad you'd you
were wait I'm really guy arms and legs
god damn it okay i'm here with the
arrows in this recipe roads thankfully
though wait really he's not you don't
know like late Sir corpse no he's not
doing it it's like the animation
stopping a soloist we're gonna sell in
Skopje alright Bo so much helpless
length does coursing river I can't wet
in here just kill me just kill me dude
what is happening over i'm just sitting
in his mouth with asians really liked it
he's not killing me i might like the
last moment of my fucking pony so stupid
just kill just savoring his meal are you
are you flanking him right now i'm
chasing him yeah i gotta cut off he's
still gonna be in there with you you can
come through here where he is then uh
sighs right here
domes out we got him it's like a dog
holding a chew toy and he's just thought
and she's chilling there alright so go
through watch out for the tyrant in the
water can i is there a suicide button
can I Oceanside I make a break if I take
a brave the dropship was coming but no
one else you go oh add you take a break
yeah try that I'm trying right now I
can't move this this is our best game
yet oh yes now the game thinks bucket
still alive when people are down the
game should be over but bucket isn't
heavy like to please still alive just
written a stupid fucking turtle mouth
this is ridiculous oh my god that will
be hysterical this is what it's been
like the last two minutes dude am I
gonna be the MVP here like I'm cutie
yeah I'm keeping the area and not digest
robots the sad part is you're now my
favorite Bucky never miss one button FML
the team fifteen seconds
usually gives you an option like suicide
of your friends be with drops left come
in I don't know if your should right now
because I might just end the game well
let's do what are they the first order
of business we get safety I don't know
he's a good strategy I promise not to
take my head off again I promise here we
come fucking MVP real play the monster
never expected this is amazing this is
amazing this for sure I feel up in the
tournament this weekend I could just
leave you in there no don't you dare no
please just leave you I can't even move
the camera it's horrible all right team
effort team effort oh my god thank you
wow wow it is hysterical Jesus correct I
can't believe that's what fucking save
does hi I yep I am speechless amazing so
he's already stage 3 welcome to the
beach here we go to the power relay Nana
you've almost that armor when you evolve
you lose all your armor yeah oh okay
he's right behind that rock everyone's
everyone my chest is likely Nick there
stop it toughing me all right guys great
behind this going coming comes out
always on me he's not on everybody cat
always on me he's on me
alright so use cliffs keep climbing up
sup I'll take on the ground with me
unless you keep bombing his ass from up
here you know I roll see I'm up even
though you were that character climb up
to you no one nailed his ass oh my god I
nailed it as you and damage keep it up
Dean's why you're not blaming all you
waited so long I'm coming up coming up
coming gotcha she's gonna catch up the
corpse you got a little bit probably
careful careful good job seems go okay
she's a drunk I'm just grenada ng his
dick off right now that is a valid
strategy I you been several wars I'm
gonna stay next to this career on Deans
chill bro
oh god damn it just missed
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh double oh how shit
all my finger turns into a gun he's
wailing on my junk okay I did bro dude I
finally died are we dippin yeah it fit
okay we're different d I'm dep dep
adelphia many companies survive he's
right on my ass hole and of course oh
man if I see we left fucking in the
tyrant goddamn it you should have just
look in there yeah yeah I do we deviate
from the plan I don't know without when
in doubt leave bucket alone just leave
in the mouths of babes uh did hey guys
make sure to check out these two videos
down here in the bottom and leave a
rating and subscribe if you haven't
already you don't subscribe she's gonna
cry I don't actually know if cats can
cry
you